README.md, before:

# dl-nhltv
Download NHL.tv Streams with up to 720p60 and remove the commercial breaks

## Requirements:
* *You need A offical NHL.tv account to run this script! This is not for free!*
* Mac or Linux. Sorry Windows users! You could maybe run it through Cygwin?
* python 2.7, aia2c, openssl, ffmpeg


## Usage:
```
usage: nhltv [-h] -t TEAMID [-u USERNAME] [-p PASSWORD] [-q QUALITY]
                [-d DOWNLOAD_FOLDER] [-r] [-m]

nhltv: Download NHL TV

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -t TEAMID, --team TEAMID
                        Team ID i.e. 17 or DET or Detroit
  -u USERNAME, --username USERNAME
                        User name of your NHLTV account
  -p PASSWORD, --password PASSWORD
                        Password of your NHL TV account
  -q QUALITY, --quality QUALITY
                        is highest by default you can set it to 5600, 3500,
                        2500, 1800, 1200, 800, 450
  -d DOWNLOAD_FOLDER, --download_folder DOWNLOAD_FOLDER
                        Output folder where you want to store your final file
                        like $HOME/Desktop/NHL/
  -r, --retry           Usually works fine without, Use this flag if you want
                        it perfect
  -m, --mobile_video    Set this to also encode video for mobile devices
```


# How to install nhltv

Info: TO open a Terminal window:
* Press Command+Space and type Terminal and press enter/return key.
* Run in Terminal app:

## Ensure to have pip installed
Open a Terminal window and run:
```
sudo easy_install pip
```
## Install nhltv script
 
In a Terminal window go to a folder of choice for the git clone and run:
```
git clone https://github.com/cmaxwe/dl-nhltv.git
sudo pip install . 
```

# How to install nhltv dependencies
You won't be able to use it without having aria2 and ffmpeg installed
Below are instructions on how to do install aria2c and ffmpeg.

## OS X > 10.9 
You can install aria2c and ffmpeg from pre-compiled binaries for from source

### From source 
You probably want to be a developer for this. 

* Press Command+Space and type Terminal and press enter/return key.
* Run in Terminal app:

#### Install apples OS X command line development tools:

* Run command below in Terminal window:
```
sudo xcode-select --install
```
* Click “install” button 
* Click  “Agree” on next window
* Wait for the command to finish.

#### Install homebrew:
* Run command below in Terminal window:
```
ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)"
```
#### Install aria2 and ffmpeg with homebrew
* Run command below in Terminal window: 
```
brew install aria2 ffmpeg
```
Note: Installation of ffmpeg will take some time as its compiled from scratch.
Once done you should be able to run aria2 or ffmpeg in the Terminal window but you probably need to start a new Terminal.

### Install from binary:
We are going to download dl-nhltv

We are going to download ffmpeg pre-build binary and put it into /usr/local/bin as root user

We are going to install aria2c and start a new Terminal window.

#### Get dl-nhltv source from github:
* Open page https://github.com/cmaxwe/dl-nhltv
* Click “Code” tab
* Click “Clone or Download”
* Click “Download ZIP”  Open with “Archive Utility”
* Once downloaded extract dl-nhltv-master.zip
* Move extracted folder to a location where you want to run dl-nhltv from

#### Get ffmpeg binary
* Go to http://evermeet.cx/pub/ffmpeg/
* Find the dmg file with the highest version number like “ffmpeg-3.2.4.dmg”
* Download and Open with DiskImageMounter
* While on Finder User keyboard shortcut Apple+Shift+G to got to folder /usr/local/
* Authenticate with password (you need to do that a few times)
* create a new folder in /usr/local/ called "bin" (authenticate)
* change into folder bin
* drag and grop ffmpeg binary to the /usr/local/bin folder

Verify by opening a new Terminal window and type in
```
ffmpeg -h
```
You should see ffmpeg short help printed

#### Get aria2 binary package and install it
* Go to http://mac.softpedia.com/get/Internet-Utilities/aria2.shtml
* Click “DOWNLOAD” top left corner
* Click either “External Mirror” or “Softpedia Secure Download (US)”
* DONT CLICK ANYTHING! wait for the download !
* In Downloads right click on the  aria2.pkg file and select “open”
* Click install and authenticate.

Verify by starting a new Terminal window and type in
```
aria2c -h
```
You should get aria2c's help printed


## On Linux
On Linux this should be rather easy. Havent tried. Only painfull thing could be the python version.
You need python 2.7 or higher. Might want to try 3 as some distries have 2.6 its apparently easier with python3

### Debian based

#### Install aria2c and ffmpeg
```
sudo apt-get install aria2 ffmpeg
```
For some distributions install ffmpeg follow howto of your choice like

https://www.assetbank.co.uk/support/documentation/install/ffmpeg-debian-squeeze/ffmpeg-debian-jessie/


### Red Hat based
note: havent tried this pure guesswork RHEL likes its python2.6 as its system version so you need to keep that.

1) install aria2
```
sudo yum install aria2 ffmpeg
```
For some distributions install ffmpeg follow howto of your choice like

https://www.assetbank.co.uk/support/documentation/install/ffmpeg-debian-squeeze/ffmpeg-debian-jessie/



## Run dl-nhltv
BEWARE ! This early version stores settings.json and temporary files in the folder you run it from!
Temporary files can exceed 5GB on your drive you want at least 10GB free space!
Best is to have a folder per team line to run the command in like $HOME/NHL/Detroit /$HOME/NHL/Capitals etc..

* Press Command+Space and type Terminal and press enter/return key.
* Run in Terminal app
```
nhltv -t Detroit
```

# How dl-nhltv works 
When it runs it will check the nhl.tv servers for a new game for your team and if it finds it then it will download it. Then after it downloads it will do a loop and start looking for the next game. It saves the id of the last game in settings.json in the folder you ran it from so if you aren't getting the results you expect then take a look at the settings.json file and set the game id manually to be lower than the gameid you want to download. It also saves the username and password in the settings.json file when you pass it in via -u -p. Otherwise it will ask when the cookies run old.

# Files and folders
dl-nhltv downloads the parts of a stream into a temp/ subfolder below the folder you started from.
Per game you have a different log file for the download.
You can watch the progress of the download by looking into the temp folder.

Commit message:

multiple teams, housekeeping, docker examples

README.md, after:

# dl-nhltv
Download NHL.tv Streams with up to 720p60 and remove the commercial breaks

## Requirements:
* *You need A offical NHL.tv account to run this script! This is not for free!*
* Mac or Linux. Sorry Windows users! You could maybe run it through Cygwin?
* python 2.7, aia2c, openssl, ffmpeg


## Usage:
```
usage: nhltv [-h] -t TEAMID [-u USERNAME] [-p PASSWORD] [-q QUALITY]
             [-d DOWNLOAD_FOLDER] [-i CHECKINTERVAL] [-r] [-m]
             [-k RETENTIONDAYS]

nhltv: Download NHL TV

optional arguments:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -t TEAMID, --team TEAMID, --append-action TEAMID
                        Team ID i.e. 17 or DET or Detroit, can be used
                        multiple times
  -u USERNAME, --username USERNAME
                        User name of your NHLTV account
  -p PASSWORD, --password PASSWORD
                        Password of your NHL TV account
  -q QUALITY, --quality QUALITY
                        is highest by default you can set it to 5000, 3500,
                        1500, 900
  -d DOWNLOAD_FOLDER, --download_folder DOWNLOAD_FOLDER
                        Output folder where you want to store your final file
                        like $HOME/Desktop/NHL/
  -i CHECKINTERVAL, --checkinterval CHECKINTERVAL
                        Specify checkinterval in hours to look for new games,
                        default is 4
  -r, --retry           Usually works fine without, Use this flag if you want
                        it perfect
  -m, --mobile_video    Set this to also encode video for mobile devices
  -k RETENTIONDAYS, --keep RETENTIONDAYS
                        Specify how many days videos and download logs are
                        kept, default is forever
```


# How to install nhltv

Info: TO open a Terminal window:
* Press Command+Space and type Terminal and press enter/return key.
* Run in Terminal app:

## Ensure to have pip installed
Open a Terminal window and run:
```
sudo easy_install pip
```
## Install nhltv script
 
In a Terminal window go to a folder of choice for the git clone and run:
```
git clone https://github.com/cmaxwe/dl-nhltv.git
sudo pip install . 
```

# How to install nhltv dependencies
You won't be able to use it without having aria2 and ffmpeg installed
Below are instructions on how to do install aria2c and ffmpeg.

## OS X > 10.9 
You can install aria2c and ffmpeg from pre-compiled binaries for from source

### From source 
You probably want to be a developer for this. 

* Press Command+Space and type Terminal and press enter/return key.
* Run in Terminal app:

#### Install apples OS X command line development tools:

* Run command below in Terminal window:
```
sudo xcode-select --install
```
* Click “install” button 
* Click  “Agree” on next window
* Wait for the command to finish.

#### Install homebrew:
* Run command below in Terminal window:
```
ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)"
```
#### Install aria2 and ffmpeg with homebrew
* Run command below in Terminal window: 
```
brew install aria2 ffmpeg
```
Note: Installation of ffmpeg will take some time as its compiled from scratch.
Once done you should be able to run aria2 or ffmpeg in the Terminal window but you probably need to start a new Terminal.

### Install from binary:
We are going to download dl-nhltv

We are going to download ffmpeg pre-build binary and put it into /usr/local/bin as root user

We are going to install aria2c and start a new Terminal window.

#### Get dl-nhltv source from github:
* Open page https://github.com/cmaxwe/dl-nhltv
* Click “Code” tab
* Click “Clone or Download”
* Click “Download ZIP”  Open with “Archive Utility”
* Once downloaded extract dl-nhltv-master.zip
* Move extracted folder to a location where you want to run dl-nhltv from

#### Get ffmpeg binary
* Go to http://evermeet.cx/pub/ffmpeg/
* Find the dmg file with the highest version number like “ffmpeg-3.2.4.dmg”
* Download and Open with DiskImageMounter
* While on Finder User keyboard shortcut Apple+Shift+G to got to folder /usr/local/
* Authenticate with password (you need to do that a few times)
* create a new folder in /usr/local/ called "bin" (authenticate)
* change into folder bin
* drag and grop ffmpeg binary to the /usr/local/bin folder

Verify by opening a new Terminal window and type in
```
ffmpeg -h
```
You should see ffmpeg short help printed

#### Get aria2 binary package and install it
* Go to http://mac.softpedia.com/get/Internet-Utilities/aria2.shtml
* Click “DOWNLOAD” top left corner
* Click either “External Mirror” or “Softpedia Secure Download (US)”
* DONT CLICK ANYTHING! wait for the download !
* In Downloads right click on the  aria2.pkg file and select “open”
* Click install and authenticate.

Verify by starting a new Terminal window and type in
```
aria2c -h
```
You should get aria2c's help printed


## On Linux
On Linux this should be rather easy. Havent tried. Only painfull thing could be the python version.
You need python 2.7 or higher. Might want to try 3 as some distries have 2.6 its apparently easier with python3

### Debian based

#### Install aria2c and ffmpeg
```
sudo apt-get install aria2 ffmpeg
```
For some distributions install ffmpeg follow howto of your choice like

https://www.assetbank.co.uk/support/documentation/install/ffmpeg-debian-squeeze/ffmpeg-debian-jessie/


### Red Hat based
note: havent tried this pure guesswork RHEL likes its python2.6 as its system version so you need to keep that.

1) install aria2
```
sudo yum install aria2 ffmpeg
```
For some distributions install ffmpeg follow howto of your choice like

https://www.assetbank.co.uk/support/documentation/install/ffmpeg-debian-squeeze/ffmpeg-debian-jessie/

### Docker
If you want to build a docker image have a look at the docker file and docker compose examples. The docker compose example is made for docker swarm, so you have to modify it for a single docker installation.

## Run dl-nhltv
BEWARE ! This early version stores settings.json and temporary files in the folder you run it from!
Temporary files can exceed 5GB on your drive you want at least 10GB free space!
Best is to have a folder per team line to run the command in like $HOME/NHL/Detroit /$HOME/NHL/Capitals etc..

* Press Command+Space and type Terminal and press enter/return key.
* Run in Terminal app
```
nhltv -t Detroit
```

# How dl-nhltv works 
When it runs it will check the nhl.tv servers for a new game for your team and if it finds it then it will download it. Then after it downloads it will do a loop and start looking for the next game. It saves the id of the last game in settings.json in the folder you ran it from so if you aren't getting the results you expect then take a look at the settings.json file and set the game id manually to be lower than the gameid you want to download. It also saves the username and password in the settings.json file when you pass it in via -u -p. Otherwise it will ask when the cookies run old.

# Files and folders
dl-nhltv downloads the parts of a stream into a temp/ subfolder below the folder you started from.
Per game you have a different log file for the download.
You can watch the progress of the download by looking into the temp folder.
